[EXCITED]
[panting]
‐ Wow!
‐ Awesome!
ASH
The Poké Ball Factory.
BONNIE
It's huge.
It's amazing to think that place
is where they make Poké Balls.
[laughs]
I've dreamed of seeing it
and now it's happening.
Ah! I'm so happy!
Try to get a hold of yourself.
JESSIE
'We've been waiting for you.'
‐ Huh?
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH We welcome
you to our dream factory.
I'm the plant manager and I'm
in charge of this facility.
As assistant plant manager,
I'm second in charge.
And as secretary,
I'm the third wheel.
‐ You're the plant manager.
‐ You're the assistant.
‐ Third wheel?
‐ Oh, you're so smart.
We'd like to reward you
with our premium grand tour.
And we'll be your tour guides.
JAMES/MEOWTH
Lucky you.
[laughs]
Wow, thanks a lot.
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a Hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Frenzied Factory Fiasco!"
NARRATOR
Our Heroes are on their way
to Anistar City where
Ash's next Gym battle awaits
but first, who can
resist the opportunity
for a personally guided tour
of the Poké Ball Factory?
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Hm.
‐ Hm.
[gasps]
[EXCITED]
‐ Whoa, what an operation.
‐ Wow!
[AWE]
CLEMONT
'Look at that!'
'Everything in this factory
is fully automated.'
MEOWTH Of course,
we use only the latest
in cutting‐edge
production technology.
CLEMONT
Fascinating! Ha‐ha‐ha!
I wish I could see it up close.
‐ Hm.
All good things come
to those who wait. Be patient.
You'll soon see everything
up close and personal.
‐ Are you serious?
‐ Of course.
But first, first things first.
We'll need to inspect
all of your Poké Balls.
‐ Huh?
But why do you want them?
[CONFUSED]
I don't understand.
Here at our factory, we offer
a unique and practical service.
We detect easy‐to‐miss
damage to Poké Balls
and status conditions in Pokémon
and fix them perfectly.
And of course,
there's no charge.
SERENA/BONNIE/ASH/CLEMONT
Wow!
That's just what I'd expect.
I'll get mine. Hold on.
Yeah. Me too.
Might as well,
don't you think?
Hm.
[READY]
MEOWTH
Now, please place them in this
custom‐made padded
Poké Ball case.
‐ There.
‐ Thank you.
Mine too.
MEOWTH
'Make sure that's all of 'em.'
Wouldn't wanna leave
one all alone, would we now?
[laughing]
One thing, you see,
my Pikachu really
doesn't like going inside
its Poké Ball.
[AGREEMENT]
Of course, not.
We know that.
‐ Fret not!
‐ Ugh!
No problem‐o.
Fortunately, we've got
just the perfect thing
kindly place Pikachu
right in here.
With a smile.
[ANNOYED]
Hey, it'll only be
for a little while, buddy.
And if you don't mind
we'll take
Pikachu's Poké Ball as well.
Oh, right!
And now, it's time
for our personally guided
tour of the Factory.
‐ 'Not yet.'
‐ Huh?
We have all the time
in the world.
We'd first
like you to experience
a special booth
that simulates what it's like
for a Pokémon
to be inside of a Poké Ball.
Ah! Like the inside
of a Poké Ball?
‐ That sounds like fun.
‐ Yeah!
Wow! Yay!
This's quite a walk, isn't it?
We're taking you to a place
with unconventional
cutting‐edge science,
so, naturally
it's located in an
unconventional location.
Yeah? I can hardly wait.
[chuckles]
JESSIE
Please, step inside.
So this is the place?
It looks like an ordinary
storage room to me.
This is what it's like
to be inside a Poké Ball?
‐ Huh!
What's going on?
[evil laughter]
Prepare for trouble,
we've done it again!
And make it double,
you're gullible times ten!
To protect the world
from devastation!
To unite all people
within our nation!
To denounce
the evils of truth and love!
Fooling you Twerps
fits us like a glove!
‐ Jessie!
‐ And James!
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
for a Pokémon‐less fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Team Rocket, it's you!
And being completely clueless
proves it can only be you.
We were busy confiscating
all these new factory‐fresh
Poké Balls and minding
our own business
when you had
the nerve to show up.
Mm, so we decided
stealing Pikachu
and all your other Pokémon
would be just
what you lamebrains deserve.
You won't get away with this.
ASH
'Pikachu!'
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]/[SHOCKED]
[laughs]
You dopes!
Electricity flows in,
but it doesn't flow out.
[STRUGGLING]
‐ Huh?
[EXERTION]
[ANGRY]
That case keeps
the zaps from zapping
but I didn't realize
the glass is weak
against physical attacks.
‐ So now you tell us!
ASH
Pikachu , Thunderbolt!
‐ Huh?
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Wobbuffet, go!
[COUNTER ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
Get a load of this!
Man! Just hold still!
It's back up time!
[READY]/[READY]
‐ Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
‐ Inkay, now use Psybeam!
[SHADOWBALL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[FEAR]
[STRUGGLING]
Into the ball, bub!
Pikachu, no!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Huh?
Yes!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Yeah!
Ha‐ha! We caught you know who!
‐ Thanks to you!
‐ Boo‐hoo!
[OVERJOYED]
Argh! Those guys!
ASH
'Ugh! Give me back Pikachu!'
'Pikachu!'
[Meowth laughs]
Get your Poké Balls..
...made fresh every day.
And these aren't just your
run‐of‐the‐mill Poké Balls
don't you know.
Here's a Great Ball.
An Ultra Ball.
Dusk Ball,
a Net Ball and a Premier Ball.
And they're all for us!
[AGREEMENT]
[laughing]
JESSIE
'It's a Poké Ball bash!'
[grunting]
Open up!
[sighs]
I can't stand Team Rocket.
[groans]
[EXCITED]
Huh? Pikachu?
[HAPPY]
Wow, Pikachu!
How did you do that?
[PROUD]
ASH
'Huh!'
[PROUD]
You mean,
in that quick second?
Into the ball, bub!
[SHOCK]/[EXERTION]
[EXERTION]
What do you know.
Good job, buddy!
[BASHFUL]
Get us out of here, Pikachu.
Now, use Iron Tail!
[AFFIRMATIVE]/[IRON TAIL MOVE]
‐ Huh?
‐ Did you hear that?
Sounded like Pikachu backwards.
Mm? But I thought
Pikachu's in here.
[grunting]
No good.
It won't budge an inch.
Pikachu, one more time.
[AGREEMENT]
[IRON TAIL MOVE]/[SHOCK]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Pikachu!
[NERVOUS]
Then that means.
[screams]
Hey, now,
we're the ones who fool Twerps!
[EXERTION]
Huh? The case, it's gone.
They must have put it somewhere.
Pikachu, don't worry about us.
'Work on getting everyone back.'
[AGREEMENT]
[EXERTION]
Hm? Oy vey!
Meowth! Where's that case?
You tell me
and we'll both know!
Find Pikachu! Now!
[EXERTION]
We've got quite a catch.
Let's load the load
into the truck.
Will do!
[AGREE]
[EXERTION]
ASH
'I'm counting on you, buddy.'
[EXERTION]
[PAINED]
[SHOCK]
[HEADBUTT MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[PAINED]
[PSYBEAM MOVE]/[CONFUSED]
[EXERTION]
[QUICK ATTACK]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
[EXERTION]
[CONFUSED]
[SHOCK]
[EXERTION]
[CONFUSED]
[FOCUSED]
[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]
[CONFUSED]
[EXERTION]
[SHOCKED]
[laughs]
Want this?
Then come and get it!
If you're brave enough,
that is.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
Get ready for some fireworks!
[EXERTION]
Oh, no you don't.
Back here, bub!
[PANICKED]
Let's give it the gas!
[SHOCKED]
[PANICKED]
[EXERTION]
[chuckles]
Gotcha! Hua?
Sheesh!
[EXERTION]
[grunting]
Now, get back here
before I get you back here.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
Ah!
[EXERTION]
[HAPPY]
[panting]
Why is it always me?
[HAPPY]/[SHOCKED]
MEOWTH
'Not so fast, speedy!'
That case is all mine, see?
[FEAR]
Paws off, pal.
[ANGRY]
Your ball's waiting.. Aah!
[EXERTION]
Ah! You're messing
with my balance!
Uh‐oh!
Huh! Someone could get hurt
really bad.
[SHOCKED]
[Meowth groaning]
[FEAR]
Huh?
[grunting]
[EXERTION]
Get me out of
this crazy scene on the double!
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Staraptor!
[EXERTION]
[grunting]
[sighs]
If only we had our Pokémon.
[groans]
[EXERTION]
I'm not doing that again.
[AGREEMENT]
Hm?
[FEAR]
[EXERTION]
[laughs]
Check out the green Pikachu!
Ha‐ha!
Huh?
[MOCKING]
JESSIE
Why are you just hanging around?
All the Poké Balls have been
sorted and safely stored away!
Pikachu's a tough customer!
[ANGRY]
‐ Hm.
‐ Here we go again.
‐ We'll help you. Hang on.
Let's go!
[panting]
Don't get up on our account.
James, wait up!
Hey, let us go.
Once we catch Pikachu
we can say goodbye
to this dump.
[ANGRY]
[EXERTION]
MEOWTH
You look like Wobbuffet!
‐ Chic!
‐ Playtime's over.
Now, move!
I'll take care of this.
[ANNOYED]
[laughing]
Huh?
I've got to get that case.
Quick‐like. Huh?
Bingo!
Hey! No.
Not in the face.
‐ That's not what we want.
‐ I know that.
Yes! How about this?
Uh! Aah!
[panting]
[PANICKED]
I don't need a shine!
[groans]
[DAZED]
Aw! Look.
They're all squeaky‐clean.
Very becoming on Meowth.
Aah!
[DAZED]
[Meowth screaming]
[FEAR]
[Clemont laughing]
‐ Clemont?
‐ What's wrong?
I finally finished it!
The future is now,
thanks to science.
CLEMONT
'Clemontic Gear, on!'
'I call it my'
'Extra‐Strength Pry‐It‐Open.'
Yeah!
And you're certain
this is gonna work, right?
No doubt,
I place it here like so
and when I flip the switch,
it'll pry open the door.
‐ Huh?
[groans]
Alright,
just a little bit more.
‐ Huh?
Now, what?
[explosion]
[groans]
ASH
Wow! Science is so amazing!
Right, and it's
just like I planned it.
I'm coming, Pikachu!
[panting]
[CONFUSED]/[SHOCKED]
It's Poké Ball time.
Huh!
[EXERTION]
Ahh!
[growls]
Hey! No one's bopping me
on the bean.
Huh?
Give it a break, Twerp!
[EXERTION]
Your freedom days are over!
‐ 'Meowth!'
‐ Huh?
JESSIE
What are you doing?
The Twerps are now on the run!
So grab that case
and we'll meet you
in the parking lot.
‐ 'Double time!'
‐ After all of that?
No! Pikachu, stays!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[EXERTION]
MEOWTH
'Pikachu!'
It's the end of the line.
[EXERTION]
Aah! Huh?
A Luxury Ball? Aah!
[MOCKING]
Such luxury!
I've hit the big time!
Huh, that pesky Pikachu
almost caught me
and I couldn't feel
any more humiliated.
Now, where's that lug?
[HAPPY]
Huh! Busted.
[EXERTION]
‐ Take that! Yeah!
‐ 'Meowth! Hurry!'
JAMES
'Forget about Pikachu!'
[grunting]
[ANGRY]
ASH
'Pikachu!'
[HAPPY]
Pikachu!
[OVERJOYED]
I was worried about you!
[URGING]
Alright, let's go!
‐ Huh?
‐ 'Help!'
‐ Help us!
‐ Help!
Team Rocket
must have done this.
Right. Let's help them out!
Pikachu escaped once again.
But we still came out ahead.
Yeah, well, I'm not dancing
the happy dance.
[panting]
Where did they go?
Huh!
[gasping]
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
[CONFUSED]
[groans]
‐ 'Pikachu!'
‐ Huh?
Let's settle this once
and for all.
You want this back?
Then you're gonna have
to face me in a duel, capiche?
What?
[ANGRY]
Are you sure, Pikachu?
[FOCUSED]
Hm.
[EXERTION]
Okay, we're gonna use
one move and no funny business.
[AGREEMENT]
You can do it, buddy!
[wind whooshing]
Get ready for my Fury Swipes!
[IRONTAIL MOVE]
Ha! Fooled ya!
[SHOCKED]/[IRONTAIL MOVE]
[PAINED]
[groans]
Yeah, you did it! Ha‐ha‐ha!
[OVERJOYED]
[grunting]
Team Rocket!
So you guys lost.
Hmph!
What's that Twerp
talking about?
‐ Hm!
‐ Whoa!
[screaming]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
We're blasting off again!
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Hey, Ash!
[HAPPY]
ASH
Come out, everybody!
[HAPPY]/[HAPPY]/[HAPPY]/[HAPPY]
Dedenne!
[chuckles]
Welcome back!
Thanks to all your help
and hard work
all of our Poké Balls
are safe and sound.
That's really very nice of you.
But it definitely
was all Pikachu.
You were great, Pikachu!
[HAPPY]
We'll be glad to give you
a real tour of the Factory.
‐ Please!
‐ Yes!
Yay! Yippee! Yay!
[laughs]
NARRATOR
After a false start
our Heroes' tour
of the Poké Ball Factory
is about to begin!
While the Anistar City Gym
waits, the journey continues!
[theme music]